pyscmpd
========

(c) 2012 Stefan Wendler
sw@kaltpost.de
http://gpio.kaltpost.de/


Introduction
------------

Python based sound-cloud music server talking MPD protocol. This document describes
some of the implementation details of "pyscmpd".


Supported MPD Commands

Command				Supported	MPD ver.	Description
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
clearerror			No						Clears the current error message in status
currentsong			Yes						Displays the song info of the current song
idle				No						Waits until there is a noteworthy change in 
											one or more of MPD's subsystems.
status				Yes						Reports the current status of the player and the volume level.
stats				No						Displays statistics.
consume				No			0.16		When consume is activated, each song played is 
											removed from playlist.
crossfade			No						Sets crossfading between songs.
mixrampdb			No						Sets the threshold at which songs will be overlapped.
mixrampdelay		No						Additional time subtracted from the overlap calculated 
											by mixrampdb.	
random				No						Sets random state.
repeat				No						Sets repeat state.
setvol				Yes						Sets volume.
single				No						When single is activated, playback is stopped after 
											current song.
replay_gain_mode 	No			0.16		Sets the replay gain mode.
replay_gain_status 	No			0.16		Prints replay gain options. 
next				Yes						Plays next song in the playlist.
pause				Yes						Toggles pause/resumes playing.
play				Yes						Begins playing the playlist at song number.
playid				Yes						Begins playing the playlist at song with id.
previous			Yes						Plays previous song in the playlist.
seek				No						Seeks to position of song nummber.
seekid				No						Seeks to position of song with id.
seekcur				No						Seeks to the position within the current song. 
stop				Yes						Stops playing.
add					Yes						Adds the file URI to the playlist.
addid				Yes						Adds a song to the playlist and returns the song id.
clear				Yes						Clears the current playlist
delete				Yes (no ranges)			Deletes a song from the playlist.
deleteid			Yes						Deletes a song from the playlist.
move				Yes (no ranges)			Moves the song in the playlist.	
moveid				Yes						Moves the song in the playlist.
playlist			No						Displays the current playlist.
playlistfind		No						Finds songs in the current playlist with strict matching.
playlistid 			No						Displays a list of songs in the playlist.
playlistinfo		Yes (no ranges)			Displays a list of all songs in the playlist.
playlistsearch		No						Searches case-sensitively for partial matches in the 
											current playlist.
plchanges			No						Displays changed songs currently in the playlist.
plchangesposid		No						As above but only returns positions and ids.
prio				No						Set the priority of the specified songs. 
prioid				No						Same as above but ueses ids.
shuffle				No						Shuffle the current playlist.
swap				No						Swap two songs.
swapid				No						As above but ueses ids.

